Fix block used bytes reporting (#2364)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/api_requests/patch-block.md

no error is returned from either the guest or the host, but the guest might end
up in an inconsistent state.

# Virtio block underlying host file resize operations

> The design of the PATCH /drives API guaranties sending updates for previous
> underlying host file changes to the guest and that no change is done by the API
> call to the underlying host file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design of the PATCH /drives API does not mutate the host backing file.
It updates the guest emulated block device with the current host backing file properties.
```

To this end, the sequence of resizing the virtio block underlying host file
followed by a PATCH /drives API call is not an atomic operation. For a reliable
and secure experience on host and guest we recommend that any change to the
virtio block devices underlying host files to be followed by a corresponding
Firecracker block device rescan API. Between these two operations, it is
recommended to avoid/restrict any virtio block device usage on the guest.

> If needed, snapshot pause/resume API can be used to pause the guest activity

Reviewer: Pause/Resume are snapshot-independent commands.

```suggestion
If needed, pause/resume API can be used to pause the guest activity
```
